Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(dramatic music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
- It's bad enough I had
a messed-up childhood.
but now I gotta have a
dysfunctional adulthood. too?
God.
what do you want from me?
You shoulda took
my life years ago.
You know. I'm. I ended up
in two failed marriages.
and these were supposed
to be men of your cloth.
I'm supposed to be this
so-called woman of God.
helping. helping everybody
but myself has made me
such a weak vessel for.
for men to just use.
and abuse. and. and hurt.
God.
Why didn't you just end my life
when I was in that
coma for three months?
(Mahogany sobs)
Tired.
And I know you. I know
you're happy. right?
You're happy to see me
suffer the way that I do.
(Mahogany laughs)
(wine sloshing)
But I am not you.
I'm not you.
You know.
everybody said you're this
mother. this great mom.
and. and. and a strong
woman. but you're not.
You wouldn't even earn or
live up to your mistakes.
But I'm not gonna be like you.
and I refuse to be
what you said I was.
I miss my brother.
(frame clattering)
(Mahogany sobbing)
So. since everybody
got this whole idea
on. on how I'm supposed to be
(dramatic music)
and. and. and this
big old woman of God.
and how I'm supposed
to treat people.
then what I'm gonna do is just
end it all for all of you.
I'm tired.
(dramatic music continues)
(Mahogany sobs)
And maybe that'll make
y'all happy for my brother.
(frame and container clattering)
I'm sick.
I'm tired.
You know. it's all
because. it's your fault.
I changed my simple life for
you. and this is what I get.
So.
(pills rattling)
I'll take my life.
(container thudding)
Tired.
(dramatic music continues)
(wine sloshing)
(hand knocking)
Who the heck is this at my door?
And I know it's not you. God.
'cause you never
come to my rescue.
(wine sloshing)
Hmm. see who the heck this is.
Who is it?
Ooh. Jesus.
(door clattering)
(door squeaking)
May I help you?
- Hello. um. I'm
Mrs. Celeste White.
You have missed a
couple of appointments.
We talked about a month ago.
- Um. appointments. what'd
you say your name was again?
- I'm Celeste White.
I'm a domestic violence advocate
down at the Crisis
Center on Market Street.
Uh. can I come in?
Can we talk?
- I'm sorry. yes.
Um. come on in.
(door squeaking)
Thank you. come on in.
Excuse me.
Um. come on in.
Uh. excuse my house.
I was tidying up a bit.
and. uh. it normally
don't look like this.
I normally have it together.
You can come into
my living room.
- Um. if you want. I mean.
I can. I can come back.
but. um. this is
not a good time.
- Oh. no. it's-
- However. you did miss
some scheduled appointments.
so I was a little concerned
we didn't hear from you.
- Scheduled appointments.
I'm sorry. Ms. White.
have a seat please.
And. and would you like
a. um. a glass of wine.
or some water. or. or something
to drink?
- Mm. no. no. thank you.
Um. like I mentioned. if
this is not a good time.
we can reschedule.
- No. it's fine.
Um. I just remembered
you're the woman I talked
to at the Crisis Center a
couple months ago. right?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- And you said that
you wanted help.
but you said you were in a
domestic violence situation.
Are you okay?
- I'm okay. but I wasn't
in a domestic
violence relationship.
I came to the center because
I wanted to kill someone
who I felt like hurt me
and my child to the point
that I really
wanted to kill him.
- Okay.
- So. you guys do house
calls now. Ms. White?
- Yeah. I mean we do.
especially if we feel
like somebody's in danger
or they need our help.
Um. excuse me for asking.
but you're not taking those
pills with alcohol. are you?
- No. these are prescribed
by my doctor. nosy.
and I left the lid
off last night.
(container thudding)
- Okay. well. again. uh.
the reason for my visit is
that you had missed
several appointments
at the Crisis Center.
So. I'm here to follow
up on your case.
and we left messages. and you
didn't return any phone calls.
so it kind of raised a alarm.
and then it states here
that you were in a bad marriage
and that you were trying
to seek help to get a divorce
before someone ended
up hurt or dead?
- No. no. no. no worries.
I'm outta that situation.
Um. but the reason
I came there was
because. you know. I mean I
always seem to find myself
in some type of failed
relationship. you know?
But I guess God spared his life
like he did the first marriage.
- Okay. so are you saying
that God spared his life
like the other relationships?
Um. were you in a domestic
violence relationship before?
- But this wasn't physical.
You know. this was mental
and. and. and spiritual.
- Oh. I'm sorry to hear
that. but I am glad
that you did get
out of that marriage
before somebody got hurt.
Um. if you don't mind.
can we talk about it.
and I can take some notes?
(paper rustling)
- Sure. no problem.
- All right. so what
drove you to the point
to where you wanted to
take another human life?
I mean. you did say
at the Crisis Center
it was life or death.
Well. I mean we can
start from the beginning.
I mean. if you want. but we
can start with a little prayer.
- Ms. White. I don't know
how much God is
gonna listen to me.
You know. (sighs)
I've been calling
on that man all my life.
and he has never answered.
- Mahogany. listen.
God hears all of our prayers
and all of our requests-
- Yeah. okay.
- known or unknown.
You just have to believe
and trust the process.
no matter what it is.
- Okay.
- Look. let's say a prayer.
God. we just ask that you
be on the. in the midst
of our conversation on the day.
In Jesus name we pray. amen.
- Thank you.
- All right.
(paper rustling)
So. let's start from
where you wanna begin.
- Well. I hope you got
enough pen and paper
because. and the
time. because. um.
well. let me see. wanna
start when I was younger.
uh. when I first would hear
that I was damaged goods.
- So. the abuse
started at a young age?
- Yeah. the first type of abuse
that I experienced was
sexual. then mental.
physical. emotional.
and spiritual.
You know. any type of abuse
that you can experience.
I have experienced. Ms. White.
and then I became
the abuser myself.
- So. what led you
to become the abuser?
I mean. tell me. you know.
what made you feel that way.
- Let me enlighten you. Ms.
White. on the hell I've been
through and the journey
of my life as an adult.
- Would you like to
talk about the marriage
that brought you to the center.
or do you wanna talk about the
one that made you the abuser?
- Um. both. I guess.
Um. let's start when
I was first abused
and then when I
became the abuser.
- Okay. and how did this
make you feel. I mean.
to realize that you
were being abused.
but then you were
becoming that same person?
- Um. Ms. White. I ain't
always do things right.
but you know. I
felt like a monster.
I felt like I was
becoming like the.
I was being like the ones
that hurt me. you know?
Um. and I was damaging a soul.
- And that's okay to admit.
You know why?
Because that's your truth.
- Oh.
- So. are you saying that
there were no male role models
in your life. I mean. like.
consistent to show you
any other type of love?
- No. I mean I had my father.
but he wasn't there like that.
Um. his drinking took over
him. and he was an alcoholic.
But the only love
that I ever truly felt
was from my brother.
and he was killed when I
was in my 20s. so I don't.
there's no love and trust
that I had from a man.
- Okay. so that made
you. like. really scared
to receive love
from any other male?
- Yeah.
- Let's. let's talk
about those things.
- What. about me being abused.
or when I was the abuser?
- Both.
(dramatic music)
- Okay. well. (laughs)
let's just say
I didn't always do things
right. you know. um.
Uh. I was in this serious
domestic violence relationship
with this guy.
You know. I thought
he was a good guy.
He paid for bills
and all of that.
My kids were like. what.
ages four. two. and one.
- Okay.
- They were too young
to understand. though.
what was going on.
- So. was it their
father that abused you?
- No. I left his butt when my
last child was born. child.
He ain't want
nothing out of life.
And I wanted more for my kids.
I wanted them to have
the best. you know.
things that I never had.
but the abuse that I had
endured. Ms. White. it was just.
it coulda ended my life.
You know. I should have left
after the first
blow to the head.
(dramatic music)
(Mahogany groaning)
- So. you think
you going leave me?
You must be out your
mind you think you
'bout to sneak outta
here without me knowing.
- Lemar. please stop licking me.
Lemar. please.
My kids. they can't see this.
I can't allow them. please.
I don't want them to grow
up thinking this is normal.
- What. you think I'm not
good enough for your kids?
My money be feeding and
clothing them brats.
I put a roof over their
heads when they had nothing.
when you had nothing.
when they dad didn't
do nothing for them.
- No. please. I appreciate
everything you do for us.
I just. somebody's
gonna get hurt.
- So. you used me. trick.
(Mahogany whimpering)
- No. no.
(foot thudding)
(Mahogany screaming)
(fist thudding)
- [Lemar] Let me
tell you something.
Get it through your
messed-up brain of yours.
I own you.
(fist thudding)
(Mahogany screaming)
much money as I spend up
on you and your kids trick.
- [Mahogany] (sobbing)
I can pay you back.
Please don't do this.
- You can double pay me back.
(Mahogany sobbing)
Then again. you can
either with your blood
or your kids. one by one.
- But I stayed.
(fist thudding)
(Mahogany groaning)
- [Lemar] (laughs) Are
you really that stupid?
You believing in something
that you can't see?
Did your God ever
help you before?
Nah. (laughs)
And he's not gonna help you now.
- Go ahead and beat me.
You're not gonna win since
you like beating women.
You're not gonna win.
- Nah. nah. nah. nah.
I'm not gonna kill you. (laughs)
But I will make you suffer.
(Mahogany whimpering)
Now. like I said. please me.
and you better not bite. or
I'm gonna blow your brains
out all over this place.
(Mahogany whimpering)
- (sobbing) Lemar.
please. please.
(Mahogany whimpering)
- [Celeste] So. how
long did you stay
in that domestic
violence relationship?
- For two years. I
endured that abuse.
and I had prayed to God
to give me a way out.
- Okay. so I mean you did
have a relationship with God.
- No. not really.
(gentle music)
I just remember what my
grandmother would say to me
that if we pray. and if
we believe in our hearts
that. you know. God
would answer our prayers
and. and see our tears.
and we just had to believe.
truly believe. and it
would come to pass.
- Yeah. well. I will say.
you had a wise grandmother
'cause that sounds like a
really crazy relationship
that you was getting ready
to get into with this man.
- It was. you know. and it
became more violent every day.
I had to fight every night.
- Wow.
- And be forced
to have sex in ways I hated.
- No.
- Like this one time. I remember
when this man beat me
so bad with a pistol
that he broke my nose.
- So. how were you able to leave
that toxic domestic
violence relationship?
- This one night was
really different.
I had took my kids over
to my relative's house.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- And he had left his
gun at home by accident.
- 'Kay.
- And I had said. "God. give
me a sign or gimme a way out.
and if you don't step in for me.
then it's gonna be
his life or mine."
- Oh. my God. you was
gonna take his life?
- I was so tired.
(gentle music continues)
I mean I was tired of
seeing the busted lips
and the black eyes. and I said.
"It's gonna be him or me."
- Mm.
- I know I haven't
done everything right.
and I know I make mistakes.
(dramatic music)
and I'm not your
favorite person.
but I need to ask you
something right now.
Lord. you said. my
grandmother always said.
"If you wanna know if
God's word is real.
then give it back to him."
So. I'm asking you.
is your word real?
Because you said in Psalms 18:48
and in 1:41 and. and four
and Jeremiah 15:21 and
2 Samuels 22 and 49
that you would deliver us
from the evils man hand
and that you would rescue us
from the wicked man's hand.
Lord. just like
you did for David
when he asked you to help him.
(sobbing) I'm asking you please.
please step in and help me.
I can't do this anymore. Lord.
I just wanna raise
my children right.
(dramatic music continues)
I just wanna serve you right.
Oh. I just don't want us
to depart from your word.
Father. God. please just
manifest this for me. Jesus.
(Mahogany sobbing)
Oh. God.
Either that's you coming to
get me. or that's that devil.
and he left his key out.
It's 3:00 AM.
He shoulda just stayed
where he was at.
- Hello. ma'am.
your door was open.
Are you Mahogany Noble?
- [Mahogany] Yes. I am.
Um. how can I help you?
- Do you mind if I come in and
talk to you about Lemar Luv?
- Lemar?
Yes. please come in.
I'm sorry.
- What's your
relations to Lemar?
- His girlfriend. but he
would say fiance. why?
Did he get locked up?
I'm not coming to get his butt.
I'm tired of bailing him out.
You could just keep him.
- Ma'am. I'm sorry to tell you.
but Lemar was killed last night.
- Killed?
- This was the address
listed on his ID.
- What?
Wait a minute.
who. what happened?
- He was shot multiple times
and pronounced
dead on the scene.
- Dead?
Do you got anybody in custody?
Do you know who did this?
- We do.
I can't give much
details. but it started
with an argument between
him and his brother-in-law.
and Mr. Stems took matters
into his own hands.
- What?
My God. this is crazy.
- Are you gonna be okay?
Is there anyone here with you?
- I'll be okay. but no.
there's no one here.
I. I'm by myself. but
I need to call his mom.
Could you gimme
this time. please?
- Yes.
- I can't believe-
- Again. I'm sorry
for your loss.
If you need anything. have
any questions. take this card.
Contact Detective Morris.
(Mahogany exhales)
Again. I'm sorry for your loss.
- God.
(Mahogany sighs)
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
Jesus.
Thank you. Lord.
(Mahogany sobbing)
- [Celeste] So. how
did that make you feel
to hear that Lemar got murdered?
- At first. I felt happy.
but as time went by.
I didn't know how
to feel. you know.
I mean. watching his
children. and his mom.
and his siblings mourn over
him. it made me confused.
But. um. (laughs) I felt like
I was the cause of him dying.
- Why?
- Because I had
prayed to God. I said.
"You better do something
about this man. or I will."
- Listen. you got to know you
had nothing to do with that.
Only God knows our departure
and our arrival on this Earth.
So. after that. what happened?
- Well. I had became
this young. angry lady.
You know. I wanted someone to
pay for the pain. the hurt.
the lies. the abandonment.
the rape. the abuse.
(hands smacking)
I wanted someone to
pay for my angry tears.
- I understand
what you're saying.
but hurt people hurt people.
I mean. so is that when you
felt like you became the abuser?
- Yes.
You know. I thought
I could love him.
but I couldn't allow
him in that space.
- Well. how could you love him
when you really
couldn't love yourself?
You never knew what real
love was. and I mean.
and you didn't even
get help for it.
- Yeah. but why would
I wanna afflict pain
on someone that was good?
- Well. the reason why
victims become victimizers is
because they're trying to get
their power and control back
over their lives. and there's
a lack of social support
and socioeconomic support.
- You know. I truly
didn't understand that.
I don't understand how I
could love someone and stay
in a relationship that long
with someone like that.
And I couldn't even love someone
that loved me and my children.
- They call it
Stockholm syndrome.
It's a condition they
call emotional attachment.
You develop it as a
child. and you're looking
for love any way
you can receive it.
- So. I would want
to inflict pain
for love or love for pain
and then become the abuser?
(gentle music)
- Well. let's talk about
some of those things
that made you feel like
you became the abuser.
- After Lemar's death. (laughs)
you know. it became hard for me.
but. um. I met this nice guy.
and he was nice to
my children. too.
He didn't have any kids.
so he treated mines
like they were his.
- Awesome.
- (clicks tongue) And
couple months went by.
and we got a place together.
Things were going
good for a while.
But my anger. it would
always get in the way.
- Hmm. okay. so tell me
about some of those things
that upset you.
- Well. when he
didn't respect me.
and I had to have control.
like this one time.
(door clattering)
- I can't keep taking too
much of your abuse. Mahogany.
I mean. I gotta go to work
with marks and scratches
on my face and arms.
- Then. stop provoking me.
(brush clanking)
You do some stupid
things sometimes.
You know. I really think
something is wrong with you.
(Mahogany laughs)
I think you're slow.
I don't even know why I
stay with you. Evander.
You don't make me feel good.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. you
say that all the time.
(laughing) "You don't
make me feel good."
and yet you still here.
People always be asking
me why I allow you
to treat me the way you do.
- I care less what people say.
I don't care. You the one do.
Just leave. dang.
I want someone else anyway.
You don't make me feel good
with your non-dressing behind.
- I mean. I ain't
never hurt you.
I go to work. come home.
bring my check to you.
I mean. what more do you want
from me?
- Everything.
You know what?
I don't love you. Evander.
I tolerate you.
My kids like you. for one thing.
That's the only reason
why I'm with you.
- You gonna regret that.
- Regret what. huh?
You threatening me?
You just like the
rest of them scums.
- (laughing) I ain't nothing
like the rest of them.
I truly care about you.
Mahogany. and the kids.
- Care? (laughs)
Love?
You wouldn't even know
what those words are.
They're lies. Evander.
- It's true.
Mahogany. you need anger
management and counseling.
I mean. I'll go with you.
- What you're trying
to say. I'm crazy?
Boy. I will cut you.
(dramatic music)
Believe that.
- Man. this violence
got to stop.
The kids watching this and all.
You know this ain't right.
- I will break every
bone in your dang body
if you ever think about
turning my kids against me.
Hate your stupid crazy butt.
You're not even
my type. Evander.
You're too weak. for one.
- Then. let me leave.
I ain't trying to
get you upset. man.
You need anything while I'm out?
- No. I don't need you
getting me anything
with your dumb. stupid butt.
You ain't gonna bring back
the right things anyway.
Just leave me the money.
I'll get it myself.
(dramatic music continues)
Brush your teeth before
you try to kiss me.
- Someday. you gonna regret
the way you treat me.
- You just leave so a good
man can come up in here
and deal with me?
- Everything you said
about you being abused.
look in the mirror
for once. Mahogany.
- Look in the mirror?
You always in the mirror
abandoned with your sissy self.
(door slamming)
- So. how long did the physical
and mental abuse go on?
I mean. were you able to get
help for your anger problems?
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
- 13 years. this was the
longest relationship I had had.
You know. I cheated on him.
and he stayed. (laughs)
My dad. my mom. my
brother had died.
and he still stayed.
I had blamed him like he was
the one that killed them.
and he stayed.
- Hmm.
Well. it sounds like. I
mean. like he loved you.
and he cared for you. so
what broke you guys up?
- I guess he got tired of
the way I was treating him.
and he cheated on me
with my friend's sister.
so I dumped his butt.
- But wait a minute.
I mean. you did say
that you cheated on him.
and he still stayed. and
you couldn't forgive him?
- It was different. Ms. White.
I. I can't explain it.
All I know I didn't want him.
but I didn't want
anyone else to have him.
(Celeste clicks tongue)
- You know what I think?
I think. deep down inside.
you knew he was a good man.
You knew that he loved you.
and he loved those kids.
and you were too afraid
to open up and let him in.
(dramatic music continues)
- I believe I just wanted
someone to pay for the pain
that I had been
enduring. you know?
So. this man rescued
me and my kids.
but I mentally and
physically abused him.
- Okay. so how did
that make you feel
to face that you
were the abuser?
I mean. did that give
you some type of control
or. or power over your life?
- I thought it would. but no.
it. it. it made me feel
like all the monsters
that had hurt me. you know.
that I was no better than them
because I was damaging a soul.
And this man. I just didn't know
how to love him the
way he loved me.
- And you know what. that's
okay because that's your truth.
I mean. I just felt
like you wasn't ready
to receive those feelings.
Were you able to get
help with the abuse?
(dramatic music continues)
- No. I mean. I had been
in counseling all my life.
and it's never helped.
All they do is just
drug you with medicine
that do not ease the pain.
It don't go away.
So. after three years alone.
I decided to go and
get back in church
because I wanted my
children to get a foundation
just like my
grandmother had gave me.
- Okay. all right. that's great.
I mean. so did that help?
- Well. do you want
something to drink.
a bottle of water or something?
Because what I'm gonna tell
you is gonna shock you.
- Okay. you know what?
I'm gonna take you up
on that bottle of water.
Is it okay if I
take off my jacket?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Be right back.
- All right.
(jacket rustling)
(Celeste sighs)
(paper rustling)
(dramatic music continues)
Here you go. sweetie.
- Oh. thank you.
- [Mahogany] Mm-hmm.
- I appreciate that.
- Yeah.
- Um. so you made-
- Ooh.
- mention. um. that
you got back in church?
- Mm-hmm. I did.
And I had gotten into
a new relationship
with this guy that had
invited me to his church.
- All right. that's
good. spiritual help.
All right. so I mean. how
did that work out for you?
- It was the worst mistake
that I could have made.
- [Celeste] Oh.
- After one year of
being in this church.
this man had invited
me over to his house
to watch a movie. you know?
And he. he seemed nice.
and he seemed harmless.
- And what. I mean.
what do you mean?
What happened?
- You know. this church
that I thought was
my rescue village end up
having to arrange a marriage
between me and this guy
to cover up something
bad that had happened.
- Arrange marriage?
How?
I mean. how did you even
end up married to this guy?
- The pastor had to cover
up the crime of rape.
- Oh. my God. he raped you?
- Yes.
I mean the night that
I went over there
to watch the movie with him.
he had. he had put something.
some kind of date-rape drug
in my. in my drink.
- Oh. my God.
I mean. did you tell a pastor?
I mean. did you. did
you tell anyone else?
- I went to the pastor.
and he said it's
best that we marry
because we don't take
our affairs to the law.
We deal with them.
And that's what the
Bible was teaching us.
I was told. if I
disobeyed the pastor.
and if I went over his head.
that me and my children
would be punished.
and we would burn in hell.
He would always quote this
scripture from Hebrews 13.
- Mm-hmm.
- And it would say. "Obey
those that have ruled
over your. your soul." you know.
because they have to take
account to what we say and do.
- That's crazy.
I mean. I mean. I'm
not gonna talk ill
of a man of the
cloth or anything.
but. um. yeah. that
was definitely a crime.
And that's truly out of
context to fit their logic.
- (clicks tongue) Yeah.
I would say so. too.
I mean I understand that now
that I'm studying and
reading the word for myself.
- So. how long did you
stay in that marriage?
- I stayed in that
relationship five years.
and I endured mental. spiritual.
and emotional abuse.
- Mm.
- He had isolated me from
my family and my friends.
- Wow.
- I couldn't deal with nobody
unless they was
inside that church.
- So. so what about
your children?
- He had convinced me
that my children were evil
and that they were from Satan.
- What?
- I mean.
anybody that wasn't
in their circle.
- That had to have
been hard to deal with.
- It was.
I was trying to be
obedient. you know.
to what the word of God says
because I was in training
to be a minister's wife.
you know. (scoffs) stupid.
- So. you thought being isolated
from your loved ones
and your children.
that would help you get
acceptance from God?
(dramatic music)
- Yes. in a way
because I was doomed.
You know. I was. I
was damaged goods.
You know. I was feeling trapped.
I started asking God. "Is this
your way of punishing me?"
- You really think God
would punish you like that?
- Yeah. I mean. I was already
doomed and damaged goods.
You know. ever since
I was a little girl.
that's all I've been told.
- You know what?
Let's go back.
Let's talk about the
arranged marriage.
(dramatic music continues)
- Ms. White. let's start
with the mind control.
- Mm.
(footsteps plodding)
(paper rustling)
(book thudding)
- I know those aren't
jeans you're wearing.
What type of wife are you?
(Rasalas laughs)
See. I knew I should have
married Sister Aquilla.
She knew how to be
obedient and a good wife.
I hope you read those scriptures
I left for you on
the kitchen table.
- Then. maybe you should
have married her. God.
because you know that
this is not right.
What type of God makes you
marry a man that rapes you?
(Rasalas scoffs)
- So. playing the
victim card again?
How many times you
gonna keep crying wolf?
- Crying wolf?
Are you serious right now?
You and the pastor
know that you raped me
and brainwashed me to believe
that you truly loved
me and my kids.
and if we didn't obey
you or obey the pastor.
then we would go
straight to hell.
- First off. you came to
the church already damaged.
Or. did you forget about all
those testimonies you gave
about how you were a loose woman
and had all those men and
boys run up inside you?
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
- Really?
So. you take my past and my
pain. and you use it against.
and child abuse and
use it against me?
God.
- Once a harlot.
always a harlot.
doesn't matter what
age they start.
(Rasalas scoffs)
I mean. look at you.
I cleaned you up to the
woman you are today.
So. instead of claiming.
you should be thanking me
and pastor for saving
your reputation
from being the whore
that your mother was.
- My pain of my past and
who my mother was gives you
a right to force yourself on me?
(Rasalas scoffs)
- See. first off. you know
you wanted it that night.
coming over to my apartment
with those tight jeans on.
and it was dark.
Look like your body
was just begging me
to take those clothes
off and give it to you.
- The only thing that
I was right about.
and you got that right.
(dramatic music)
was coming over to your
house alone believing
that you were a true man of God.
You know that you
forced yourself on me.
And when a woman
says. no. Rasalas.
that doesn't give you the right
to force yourself on them.
(dramatic music continues)
You know that you drugged me.
- In Philippians 3:13.
I believe it tells us
to forget those things
that are behind you.
And in Hebrews 13:17. it says.
to obey those who
have rule over you.
And let's not forget
the main course.
since you are my wife.
(paper rustling)
And this will apply
for the next time you
reject me in the bed.
First Corinthians
4 and 7. it says.
"Your body is mine.
It belongs to me now. and I
will have it when I want it.
(book thudding)
- You will always have
to take it. Rasalas.
because you know that
this is not right.
You know. all the studying
you've been having me do
for you is teaching me
that the. that the
word of God is right.
and what they're teaching
down at that church is wrong.
(dramatic music continues)
- See. I see why
your mother left you.
You must be stupid to
think you can outwin me
in the word of God.
Next time you wanna
look at a scripture.
look at 1 Corinthians 14 and 34.
It says. "The woman
should be silent
and should not be
permitted to speak
but to be in submission. and
she should ask the husband
what she should learn."
(dramatic music continues)
- When I get one I will because
you are a true imposter.
- Just have my notes ready
for my sermon on Sunday
and don't have me
looking stupid like you.
- That's what I'm doing now.
(footsteps plodding)
(dramatic music continues)
(paper rustling)
- So. you saying that he
controlled you with the Bible
and talked down to you?
I mean. how did
that make you feel?
- It made me feel
like. like I was wrong
for thinking the way I was
and feeling the way I were.
You know. because
maybe I was confusing
the rape from my past. you
know. that it wasn't rape.
and maybe I was wrong for
going over there that night.
- No. Mahogany. listen.
if a woman tells a man no.
then no means no.
(dramatic music continues)
That doesn't mean
that he has the right
to take advantage of you.
And I don't care what
the circumstances were.
He does not have a right
to violate that word no.
- It was just like
he was saying.
Mahogany. don't concentrate
on the actions of your past
but concentrate on our marriage.
But I couldn't
get past thinking.
what decent man
would want a woman
who was considered
damaged goods?
You know. like. I wasn't pure.
I wasn't a virgin anymore.
It was like God
was punishing me.
- Mahogany. God does not
punish us by allowing us to be
in relationships
that's unhealthy.
All that does is damage
us and make it worse.
Look. what we need to do
is acknowledge and deal
with our past and our failures.
and address those actions
of pain from the
people that hurt us.
And once we do that. we can
move on. forgive. and let go.
- Well. right now I feel
like my lesson from that was
to. "Mahogany.
protect yourself."
- Mm-hmm.
- "Guard yourself."
- Because there are churches
out here that will turn a
deaf ear and a blind eye
to what is going on.
especially when it has to
do with abuse. you know?
They'll protect theirselves.
- Wow. okay. so how long did
you stay with Minister Rasalas?
- (scoffs) Five years. and after
five years of mental abuse.
plus our financials had changed.
- [Celeste] Hmm.
- You know. the
pastor would tell him.
"Give her $50 every two weeks.
She'll be fine.
You pay all the bills."
- So. you mean the pastor
would coach your husband
on y'all's finances?
- He would also pull me
in the office to talk
about our sex life and. and say.
"This is what you need to
do to please your husband."
and not to deny him my body.
- So. I know that had to
be uncomfortable talking
to the pastor about what
goes on in your bedroom.
- It was because I hated it.
You know. it wasn't love.
This was rape. and I felt
like he was raping me
over and over again.
You know. like. it.
like. he was just using
the bathroom on me.
I hated it.
- I am so sorry you had
to endure that. Mahogany.
But listen. God loves you.
He's been with you
the whole time.
and he wants you
to be delivered.
and I really believe
he sent me here.
(gentle music)
- I wanna believe that. and I
wanna receive that from you.
But it's just hard to say
that or believe that for me
because I. too. I pray.
I pray. and I pray.
and I try to live the right way.
- I totally agree with
what you're saying.
You know why?
Because what you don't know
is that I. too. was abused.
- What?
- By my own father. his
neighbors. his friends.
and that went on from
ages 10 to 18 years old.
I had to deal with that.
My mother. she abandoned me
and my brother for drugs.
She left us.
- I'm sorry.
- My father. he was our
only caretaker at that time.
So. listen. our story
will help men and women
to break those chains.
- Yeah.
- I mean.
but can you just tell
me how did you get
the strength to leave?
- Well. (clears
throat) wasn't easy.
(dramatic music)
And Minister Rasalas was
not pleased. you know.
You know. this man had went
as far as to kidnap me.
to drug me. stalk me.
He even. (sighs) they
couldn't find out what it was
that he drugged me with.
It was some kind of
unknown street substance.
- You have a true testimony.
and this is a movie that we
could share with the world.
Can you tell me a little bit
more. though. about the events
that took place?
- I can remember my cousin.
Starla. she came over.
and she was trying to
help me find a place
'cause I was leaving Minister
Rasalas. and like I said.
he wasn't pleased about it.
But this one night.
(dramatic music)
if she wouldn't have
found me when she did.
I wouldn't even be here
to tell my story today.
(footsteps plodding)
(dramatic music)
Hey.
(bag thudding)
(chair clattering)
- I hope you enjoy your meal.
I tried to get
all your favorites
from your favorite restaurant.
(Mahogany laughs)
- Well. thank you. this
was a nice gesture.
But. um. this still
doesn't change anything.
As soon as I find
a place. leaving.
- I understand.
I just wanted to
do something nice
and to tell you that I
believe you're right.
I do need to actually
read God's word.
and. um. hopefully me and
you can study the Bible
when you. before you leave.
- So. now you want to
hear what God got to say?
(Mahogany laughs)
Okay. but I guess it's
better late than never.
Um. but I thought that
you were prohibited
from the pastor
in drinking wine.
I mean.
- Well. like you
said. to actually read
what God is saying.
And. um. I believe
it said in. um.
1 Timothy 5:23. says
to have a little wine
to settle the
stomach and to help
with all other infirmities.
(Mahogany laughs)
- Wait. so what was
that scripture you used
to beat me down
with all the time
when I would have a glass
of wine once a month only?
And it was for the reasons
that you would say Rasalas.
to settle my stomach
because when I would eat
certain sauces. they
would hurt my stomach.
and I would have a
glass of wine only.
And I believe that that
was in Galatians. actually.
where you would beat me down
and say that it was impure.
um. that I was wicked. uh.
that I was envious of you.
- I apologize for that.
I was wrong.
That's why I'm having a
glass of wine with you.
And. um. the guy that
sold it to me said
that this was a very nice.
smooth. sweet red wine.
and. uh. hope you enjoy it.
- Well. I'm glad that you're
reading your scriptures
for yourself now. but
read that chapter again
because that was actually
Galatians 19 and 20
or verses five. chapter
5. verses 19 and 21
where it actually speaks of the
same reason you just stated.
why I would drink that wine.
(gentle music)
- Well. let's just
enjoy our meal.
and I hope you like the flowers.
- They're nice.
Thank you.
But this doesn't
change anything.
(gentle music continues)
(dramatic music)
- Mahogany. Mahogany. Mahogany.
What in the world?
(buttons clicking)
Hello.
- [Dispatcher] 911. what's-
- Hello.
- [Dispatcher] your emergency?
- Yes. I need someone
at 557 Tenderlane Drive.
My cousin is on the
floor and not responding.
I don't know.
What is CRP?
Whatever. CPR.
No. I'm not a
doctor nor a nurse.
Just hurry.
Mahogany. (exhales)
(air whooshing)
Mahogany. are you sure
you should be here?
'Cause I don't trust this dude.
And where did he go?
- I don't. I don't know
where he's at right now.
And I don't care.
He ain't gonna come back here
after he found out I survived.
I just gotta find that bottle
of wine and have it tested.
What in the world?
Wait a minute.
(fingers tapping)
What happened to the bottle
of wine. Starla. and the food.
and the flowers that was
on that table right there?
- There was nothing
on the table.
The door was unlocked.
and I only came over here
because you didn't
answer your phone.
(Mahogany sighs)
- No. there was food. these
plates. a bottle of wine.
and flowers on that table.
I know he drugged me.
(dramatic music continues)
- When them doctors came in
after they pumped your stomach
and asked were you on
drugs. I wanted to cut him
with his own scalpel.
Like. just because you Black.
you gotta be doing drugs.
- Yeah. right.
But they did find.
say that they found
some kinda. um. unknown
street drug in my system.
I just gotta find
proof to press charges.
But thank God you came in and
found me when you did. cuz.
- Hmm. I wish I
could find this dude.
This is not cool. Mahogany.
You need to get
outta this right now
because him and that church
is on some Jim Jones mess.
Next. they'd be doing
you like Jeffrey Dahmer.
crap and cook you.
- Cuz. you. you
watch too much TV.
- No. I am serious.
They all look crazy
at that church.
It's like they robots
at that program
by that serial predator
leader of theirs.
Just stay with me tonight.
- I'll be okay. but thank you.
I don't. you know. I. I don't
think he gonna come back here.
especially after he
found out I survived.
I just gotta find that proof
and press these charges.
- (sighs) Okay. but I will
be calling you later on
and in the morning.
- Okay. thank you. cuz.
thank you for coming in.
being there for me.
- That is what family does.
(dramatic music continues)
Me and you are like sisters.
I'll just be glad when you get
outta this messed up marriage
and have yourself back.
- I filed. so that's
the first step.
- Mm. you shoulda asked for
a little bit more. you know.
like that new car.
(laughs) But I'll
check on you later.
- Okay.
Make sure you call me
when you get home. okay?
- All right. give me a hug.
I love you.
- All right.
Love you. too.
Thank you again.
- [Starla] All right.
- What in the world?
(Mahogany sighs)
Hmm.
(plate clanking)
- So. you believe he drugged
you with that bottle of wine?
- I know he did.
and he tried to act
like he was a changed man.
- Was you able to prove it?
- No.
I mean. if I had told
someone at the hospital.
they woulda just
thought I was crazy.
- Hmm.
- Plus. he had the church
to back him up
like he did before.
- What you mean like before?
- Not like that. Ms. Celeste.
What I mean is I exposed
Minister Rasalas about the rape
to the church. and all
they did was make us marry.
(Mahogany scoffs)
They didn't believe me.
- So. you went to
the church members?
- I went to the church members.
and all they did was
call the police and say
that I threatened
them. and I was kicked
outta the. out of the church
and wasn't allowed back.
- What?
So. I mean. I didn't even
know you could stop somebody
from going to God's
church and serving him.
That's crazy.
- Yeah. but that's because
this wasn't God's church.
This was theirs.
- You got that right.
- Mm-hmm.
- But you know what?
God is the judge.
So. what happened after that?
- Well. I got settled in bed.
I was still tired from
feeling those effects
from the. uh. the.
the drug or whatever.
and I was waiting
on my cousin Starla-
- Mm-hmm.
- to call me.
And I. I got tired
and went to sleep.
- I can't even imagine.
Well. good thing is that it
didn't do any serious damage.
whatever it was.
So. were you able to
get any rest that night?
Did he come home?
- Well. after Starla called
me and I told her I was okay.
all I remember is being dragged
outta my bed by gunpoint.
talking about let's take a ride.
- Oh. my God.
Was it Minister Rasalas?
- Yes.
And at first I
thought I was having
a bad dream or something.
I didn't know if
this was it for me.
but. and he looked like
he was having some kind
of breakdown. and then I
realized I was being kidnapped
at 1:00 AM.
(dramatic music)
- Wow.
(footsteps plodding)
- Mahogany.
Mahogany. Mahogany.
(bag rustling)
(keys jangling)
Keys. purse.
(Starla exhales)
Jesus.
Hello.
Mahogany. where are you?
I have been calling your
phone for several days.
You need to pick up your phone.
The door is unlocked.
Your purse is here on the table.
If you do not call me back.
I will call the police.
(phone clanking)
(phone buzzing)
- [Mahogany] Starla. it's me.
- Where are you.
and what's going on?
- [Mahogany] Listen. I am fine.
I. I need you not to
call the police. okay?
I'll be fine.
- Like I said. where are
you. and who are you with?
Mahogany. you don't
even sound right.
Send me the address right now.
- [Rasalas] Tell
her you're with me.
and we got back together.
We went away for a couple days.
- And who voice was that?
I know you not with that rapist.
Like. come on. Mahogany.
What is wrong with you?
You just divorced this dude.
Send me the location right now.
(dramatic music continues)
- [Mahogany] I'll be okay. okay?
I promise.
Uh. don't call the. no police.
I will see you as
soon as I. I can.
I'll call you when I get back.
- Mm-mm. this don't
even feel right.
Just let me come see for
myself. and then I will leave.
I'm coming to get you.
(phone beeps)
Hello?
(Starla exhales)
Ooh. I know something wrong now.
(finger tapping)
Hello.
Yes. I need someone at
557 Tenderlane Drive ASAP.
My cousin has been kidnapped.
(dramatic music)
(Rasalas exhaling)
- Look what you made me do.
- Oh. my God.
- You got these people
out here thinking I'm crazy.
All you had to do
was be a good wife.
We would not be
in this position.
(Mahogany whimpering)
- Boy. what do you mean?
That church got you messed up.
I mean. and the pastor
controls everything.
He even got you thinking
that raping me was okay.
- I told you.
God spoke to me and told me
you were my wife that night.
I got a little anxious. okay?
But you will not
reject the call of God.
You will not shame
me in this way.
- Shame you how?
And this is not the call of God.
and I'm not your wife anymore.
- I guess I have to make
you realize that you are.
so take off your clothes now.
- No. I'm not gonna
take my clothes off.
And if you're gonna do
something to me. just do it.
Like you all said. I was doomed
from the beginning. right?
So. you taking my life is
not gonna make me your wife.
- Matthew 5:31-32. it said.
"If he who divorces his wife
makes her an adulteress."
and you gonna make
me sin against God?
We are one. so if
you die. I die.
God hates divorces.
- Rasalas. you did
not divorce me.
I filed against you.
(dramatic music continues)
So. whatever you going
to do to me. just do it.
This is not a marriage. Rasalas.
and I am not your wife anymore.
And stop reading
quotes from the Bible
that you truly don't understand.
- Not until you admit
that you're my wife.
You forgive me from the past.
- Rasalas. I've
been forgave you.
but I'm not your wife anymore.
I don't love you in that way.
Why would you want
a wife that you have
to force them to be with you?
- Then. have sex with
me one last time.
Those papers aren't signed yet.
You are still my wife.
and then I'll let you go.
- Me sleeping with you
one last time is not
gonna make me your wife.
- Genesis chapter 1. it says.
"When a man goes inside a woman.
they are a husband and wife."
And in a Matthew 19. it says.
"A woman is put to death
if she divorces you."
- You really are messed up when
it comes to the word of God
and what he's truly saying.
I don't believe
that God is saying
that a man can rape a
woman. or marry him. or die.
- All you had to do was be the
wife and not be the husband.
What's so hard about that. huh?
Was it. did you want
more money or something?
Or. was it that friend of yours
that got your head messed up?
- No. it's that church of
yours that got you messed up.
- So. what happened?
How did you get out
of this situation?
- Messed up as it is.
and I hate to admit this.
but I. I had to do what
I needed to do to survive
and to stay alive.
so I slept with him.
- Mm.
- And I promised him that
I would stay his wife.
you know. and as soon
as he fell asleep.
I ran as fast as I could.
- So. did you call the police
on him so he can get arrested?
I mean. 'cause that
was rape by force.
He tried to kill you
and. and kidnap you.
- To be honest. I was
still messed up in the head
from being programmed
and brainwashed.
I mean. believing what the
Bible had told me about.
we do not take our brothers
and sisters to the law.
that we handle them
in our own way.
so that's what I wanted to
do was handle him my own way.
- You know what?
(clears throat) A lot of
people are brainwashed
by churches like this. like
cults. and when I look at you.
I mean. I can see the hurt
in your eyes just like me.
And I remember looking for
help. and no one seemed to care.
(Mahogany exhales)
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
- So. you're saying
that you care about me?
I mean. really?
Why me?
You don't even know me.
You know. maybe this is just
another reason for you to write
down in your notepad like
you've been doing sitting there.
You know what? (laughs)
That's. I mean (laughs)-
- No. no. Mahogany.
that's not it.
I do care.
(Mahogany scoffs)
Listen. I went to the
church for. for help.
for my pain. seeking help.
and the bishop. I was raped
by the bishop. and
my grandmother. she
went to that church
for 25 years and had
me to keep that quiet.
I ended up having a son by him.
- A son?
- Yes.
And couldn't say anything.
(dramatic music)
And when my son was
15. he found out.
and he committed suicide.
- What. I mean. what does that
have to do with his death?
I mean. did. did he know
that that was his father?
If you don't mind me asking.
- No. I don't. I
don't mind sharing.
He. um. once he find
out how he was conceived
and who his father really
was. he was. he was depressed.
- Wow.
I'm so sorry that
that happened to him.
And how did you ever forgive
God for doing that to you?
(Celeste sighs)
- Look. the word of God wants
us to share our testimonies
with each other and for
us to be able to heal
and help others break the cycle.
- I'm so sorry that
you lost your son
and that you had
to go through that.
(dramatic music continues)
- Yeah. he was. um.
he was my only son.
- Yeah. wow.
- Yeah.
(paper rustling)
But the word of God helped me
to understand. Jeremiah 29:11.
"To prosper us. not to harm us."
- Mm.
- And for us
to not take the law
into our own hands.
- Not being smart.
But what does this have to
do with the fact of every man
and every monster that has
ever done anything to us?
You know. what does this
have to do with them?
Don't they pay by
that law that you say?
- Listen. I know how you
feel. and that's why I'm here
because I do believe your story.
And once others hear
it and read about it.
it will help others come clean.
So. listen. back to your story.
You. you said you. you
ran. and. and you waited.
I mean. what happened?
What happened next?
- Well. the next
day. my cousin came
over to my house. Starla.
- [Celeste] Yeah.
- And she had came
with the police.
- Okay. great.
I mean. was you able to tell
'em what happened to you?
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
- No.
You know. because I was.
I was still messed up
and brainwashed from
what I was being taught.
But you know what?
I wanted to expose them myself.
So. I took the law
into my own hands.
- [Officer Candace] Now.
have you heard anything
at all from her?
- [Starla] I haven't
heard anything.
- [Officer Candace] Looks
like she just walked in.
(door clattering)
- [Mahogany] Starla.
- Mahogany.
- Hey.
- Where have you been?
(Mahogany clears throat)
And are you okay?
- I'm okay. and why are
the police at my home?
- I've been calling your phone
all night and this morning.
- [Mahogany] Okay.
- Hello. I'm Officer Candace.
Are you okay. Ms. Noble?
Now. tell me. were
you kidnapped?
- No. I. I'm fine as you can
see. um. and if you don't mind.
you can leave.
- I know.
- What are you talking about?
You are not okay. Mahogany.
(paper rustling)
That punk kidnapped
you yesterday. and
when we were talking
on the phone. you hung up on me.
- Is this true. Ms. Noble?
Are you in any type of trouble?
And again. were you kidnapped?
- No. like I said.
officer. I am fine.
My cousin called me.
and she's overreacting
because I couldn't
talk when she called.
- I overreacted?
Are you serious?
- [Mahogany] Mm-hmm.
- This man has drugged you.
He stalked you for
several months.
He was hiding in your
backyard at night.
and he was threatening
to divorce you as well.
And we not even gonna talk
about that wacky
church he belongs to.
- Is this true. Ms. Noble?
Are you afraid of your husband?
Now. do you want me
to file a report?
Because it seems
necessary at this point.
- [Mahogany] Are you serious.
officer. right now?
- Very serious.
- Like I said. I am fine.
My cousin here overreacted.
She's just upset because
I decided to work things
out with my husband after
I filed for a divorce.
- [Starla] Hmm.
- Now. if you
don't mind leaving.
I would like to
take a long bath.
And for the record. you
should be asking my husband
if he's scared of me.
- Is your husband okay?
Is there a reason
why I should be asking
your husband is he okay?
- I'm sorry.
He is fine.
He's just. it was
just a joke. (laughs)
- Okay.
- Um. he's good.
You know I left him feeling
real good. you know.
performing the last
wifely duties a woman got
to do in the bedroom.
So. he is knocked out.
- Are you crazy?
- Mm-hmm. no.
- Something is not right.
(Mahogany clears throat)
- Did he drug you again?
- Drug. what?
- What?
- Because I know you did
not go sleep with that scum.
- Oh. my goodness.
- What is really going
on here. drugged you?
What is Ms. James talking about?
- Tell her.
- Officer. are you serious
right now?
- Very serious.
- Look. it's. my cousin
Starla's just upset.
She's a drama queen because
I. again. like I said.
I decided to work things
out with my husband.
You should understand that.
- No. I just thank
you crazy and on drugs
if you went and did that.
(paper rustling)
- Well. if you change
your mind. Ms. Noble.
because you're telling
me that you're okay
and that there's
absolutely nothing wrong-
- Right.
- I mean. I'll just make
this a closed case then.
- Case?
Who said this was a case?
- I did. and the
case just reopened
because I don't know what
that man has done nor said
to you for you to be
sitting in here acting
like nothing is wrong. Mahogany.
- Mm. mm. mm. mm.
- Well.
if there's nothing wrong.
ladies. I'll be going now.
- Okay.
(paper rustling)
- But I will leave you
with my card. Mrs. Noble.
Please. utilize this
card at any time.
(card clattering)
- I will. and I'll be getting
to the bottom of this.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Have a good day.
- Good day. ladies.
- Bye. officer. thank you.
- Okay. now tell me what
the heck is going on.
And where are your
shoes. Mahogany?
- Calm down first.
Starla. and I'll tell you.
Look. I'm good.
I don't need the
police involved.
I wanna handle him myself. okay?
Plus. you know that they're
not gonna believe me.
They're gonna
believe him over me.
especially with that new
good pastor on his side.
God.
(dramatic music)
I got a plan.
- Okay. then. 'cause
you already know
I'm that ride-or-die sister.
so tell me what happened.
and what's the plan?
(dramatic music)
- Okay.
So. how does it feel
when the tables are
turned. minister?
- What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
You're not gonna
get away with this.
- Oh. really?
I'm. am I crazy?
You should be asking
yourself that.
I mean. after you
had me captured
in that five-year long.
disgusting marriage with you.
So. tell me.
How does it feel?
- Cut me loose now.
Are you that stupid like
my pastor said you were?
(Mahogany laughs)
- Yeah. I believe I am stupid.
- They're gonna
come looking for me.
- Who. that fake. greedy
pastor of yours. baby?
No. no. no. no.
See. today was your
payday. and so I made sure
to leave a nice
donation in the basket
along with a note saying that
we decided to work things out.
and we were gonna take a
long trip to make things up.
(Mahogany laughs)
- You're sick.
- Sick.
- He'll never believe that
I'll miss church on Sunday.
- Uh. yes. he will because.
see. I was taught by the best
that money can buy anything
that you need to disappear.
Oh. how do you feel?
I hope Starla didn't
drug you too much.
- What do you mean
Starla drugged me?
I never seen her or
drank anything she had.
- Yes. you did. baby.
Oh. yeah. I forgot
you don't like Starla.
So. we had Aquilla Shine.
you know. the one you were
supposed to marry besides me.
to give it to you.
So. who is the stupid one now?
I asked you. how does
it feel. Rasalas?
- Nah. you're a liar.
Sister Aquilla would
never be like you
and that harlot friend of yours.
She's a real wholesome woman
that God chose to be my wife.
- [Mahogany] Really?
- Now. listen. let me go. and
I will not bother you again.
- Bother me again?
(Mahogany laughs)
Now. why should I do that?
Don't you want me anymore?
What. you don't want my body?
I thought you did.
I mean. you did tell me that
by drugging me by gunpoint.
it. that anytime that I
would have sex with you.
let me think about it.
you would. you would just
make me feel sick. right?
And I figured maybe this is
what men want. you
know. is to take it.
So. I'm gonna take it.
- Look. I'm sorry. okay?
I moved on.
(Mahogany laughs)
- You moved on?
Oh. you said that a few times
when you used the
bathroom on me.
- Used the bathroom?
(dramatic music)
What. what are
you talking about?
Now. you're just
making up stuff.
- Oh. no. I'm not.
with that little worm
that you call a
God-given pleasure.
Please.
- Listen.
- Listen. hmm?
- I said I was sorry.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- I moved on.
- You sorry?
- I will never bother
you again.
I'm gonna get remarried soon.
- You. to who. Sister Aquilla?
Oh. that's what you thought.
(laughing) Now. that's a laugh.
No. baby. I think you want me.
- Listen. baby. I know
you've been messed up
by many other people.
and I did not go
about things the right way.
- Oh.
- But we can be friends.
- Friends?
- What do you need?
- Admit that you
drugged and raped me.
or I'm gonna start cutting
this thing off piece by piece.
starting with your
freaking nuts.
- Mahogany. baby. listen. okay?
I will pay your rent for
you as long as I need to.
- I pay my rent.
- I'll even buy you
a car if I need to.
(sighs) Look. I'll even
give you the $1.000
I give to the church every week.
- Wait a minute.
You give the church
$1.000 a week
while we gotta live in
a low-income apartment?
Really?
No wonder he drives a new
truck and has a new suit
on every Sunday while you still
got the same two tired suits
that you've been wearing
for the last seven years.
Who is the stupid one?
(dramatic music continues)
- Listen.
- (laughs) Listen.
- Let me loose.
and we can talk.
- [Mahogany] Boy.
- I never knew that
I hurt you that much.
You're right.
I do need to find another
church so I can understand
what God is really
trying to say.
- (laughs) What do
you think. I'm stupid?
What I want for you to
do. Rasalas. is admit
that you drugged and raped
me. and that you kidnapped me
at gunpoint. and that
the whole church turned
a deaf ear and a blind eye
to what's going on in there.
Babe. babe. babe. baby.
- Baby?
- Look. look. look.
look. look. listen.
listen.
- Yeah. what?
- You got it all wrong.
- Got it wrong?
- Okay?
Everything I say to you
is from the Bible. 'kay?
You got it all wrong.
You've been hanging with
those worldly friends
of yours again. and that
Starla. she has a lot of spirits
in her. and I think they
jumped into you. too.
And I can cast it out of
you if you just let me go.
- You are a joke.
Something must be really wrong
with that brain of yours.
but maybe we should just
do a repeat of events
of what you did on me. hmm?
- Wait. we?
What do-
- I wouldn't mind that.
- [Rasalas] What do you mean we?
Who's here with you?
- Me. (laughing)
who's here with me?
Me and the spirits
you claim are in me.
- So. you want to
drug and rape me?
- Don't flatter yourself.
I would never upset myself
with this half a pint
that you call a
God-given pleasure.
As a matter of fact. I
probably should have asked
for pain and suffering
for this no-good. actually.
ugh. disgusting member.
And instead of using
this big knife.
I shoulda got my paring knife
because that's more your size.
- Okay. okay. I admit it.
I took advantage of
you some years ago.
- You admit it.
And?
- And.
(sighs) And.
- And?
- I know you said
stop several times.
and I. and I knew
you didn't drink.
so I put a little something
in your wine to relax you.
And I really messed
up by having sex
without your permission.
- And you raped me.
and you. and the pastor
agreed it was okay. right?
- Yes.
- God.
- Pastor Sims knows about it.
I admitted it to him.
He thought it would
be a good idea
if we didn't get
the law involved
and that I would just
marry you to make it right.
I was up to being minister.
and I needed a wife
before I got the title.
- So. you admit
that you raped me
over. and over. and
over again. right?
And the pastor agreed.
- Yes. you got your confession.
Now. let me go.
- Oh. no. no. no. no.
See. just a few more confessions
between you. me. and God. okay?
That night that we had dinner.
admit to me that you
drugged and raped me
with some street drug.
and you dragged me
outta here. Rasalas. to a
hotel to have sex with you.
- Yes. I did it.
I went to my cousin's to get
something from the projects.
some type of street drug.
And I did kidnap you and
hold you at gunpoint.
But that was to
keep my marriage.
But God spoke to me-
- What-
- and said
that Aquilla was my wife.
That's why I left you alone.
(dramatic music continues)
(Mahogany laughs)
- Good one.
- (sighs) You mean to
tell me all this time
you had us thinking that
Sister Mahogany was crazy
and a liar. (laughing) that
she was sent from the devil
to destroy all of God's men?
And all of this time you and
pastor knew the whole time?
Really. Minister Rasalas?
- Sister Aquilla.
- Yeah.
- This is a setup. okay?
She's jealous.
She's mad because I told her
I should marry you and not her
'cause she's a
scarlet. a Jezebel.
Look. call the police now.
Her and her friend
drugged and kidnapped me.
- Like you did her
several years ago?
- [Mahogany] Yeah.
- And not to forget
that street drug
they found in her system
when she was about
to leave your butt.
- Stop with the lies. devil.
I heard everything.
and you will pay.
You are sick.
I would have never married you.
You were never my type.
- You are all harlots.
- What?
- You are going to hell.
(Mahogany laughing)
- Mahogany. gimme that knife-
- No. Starla.
- so I can cut this off
so he'll never be
able to use it again.
- No. don't worry.
He will not be able to use
that to hurt anyone else again.
And he will not
be telling anybody
what has happened here today.
not after I allow the
bishop hear this confession.
Him and Pastor Sims
will never preach
at anyone's church again.
- Let me talk.
I can pay you all.
- Pay. really?
(dramatic music continues)
Do you think that money can
buy everything. Rasalas.
all the pain I've been through.
the lies I've been told.
the separation of
me and my family?
- (laughs) No. but
me castrating it
off can start the healing.
- Mm-hmm.
- Let me cut him.
- Wait a minute. no.
Like Sister Aquilla says.
'cause once bishop
hears this confession.
Pastor Sims and Rasalas.
they will have a lotta hell
to pay. and that's
payment enough.
So. I'm gonna untie him.
(dramatic music continues)
- So. so what happened
after you released him?
Did he go to the police?
I mean. did the confession
go to the bishop?
I mean. how did you resolve
your problem with him?
- To answer all those
questions. yes. I released him.
but. and he was begging us not
to. you know. say
anything 'cause he wanted
to save his pastorship
and his career.
But it was time for
him and Pastor Sims
to just face their
consequences. you know?
And. uh. after some
years. I had found out
that he had remarried and
started his own church.
- Oh. wow. really?
- Mm-hmm.
- So. I mean. how did that
make you feel after he hurt you
like he did. and he
went and got remarried
and started another church?
- To be honest. I
was angry with God.
I mean. how could you allow
this man to use your word
to falsely just abuse people?
He was damaging
souls. Ms. White.
God.
And then I felt bad for
the woman that he was with.
thinking maybe she went
through the same thing I did.
(gentle music)
- So. okay. so he
left the church.
What. what happened
to the pastor?
- Well. the pastor was
still running his church.
and. um. he wasn't.
you know. too full nowadays
because he had
lost some members-
- Mm-hmm.
- when the truth was told.
But some people stayed
under that false leadership.
- Yeah. you know. I did
some research on that.
like cults and things like
that. and a lotta people.
they get really comfortable.
and it's hard for them
to leave after a while.
- Yeah. well. I
felt like a failure.
You know. no matter what I did.
it seemed like it just
wasn't good enough. you know.
I. I just couldn't
be proud of myself
even with raising my children.
I just felt like a
void was missing.
- Listen. you are not
a failure. Mahogany.
and I don't wanna
hear you say that
because. yes. you've
been through a lot.
but there are people who
have done the same thing.
but they've committed suicide.
They're drinking alcohol.
They're taking drugs.
Listen. your story is
gonna free so many.
- Well. my alcohol and
my drug was the pain
that I endured from the men.
That's all I knew.
- So. what did
you do after that?
- Well. I became celibate.
and I started an
outreach ministry.
You know. I wanted
to help people
like children. and. uh. homeless
people. and women like me
that had been through
the same thing.
- [Celeste] So. did you get
in another relationship?
(gentle music continues)
- Yes. after 12 years.
- So. is this the
marriage that led you
to the agency about a month ago?
- Yes. that's the one.
When I came to your
agency that day.
I wanted to kill him for
taking my life for 12 years.
- Um. okay. so can
you elaborate on that?
I mean. I got here in my notes
that someone was in danger.
and it was a matter
of life or death.
- Yeah. I guess it
was life or death
because I wanted to
kill him that day.
- Okay. so what was so
different about this marriage
that make you wanna get in
that mindset to kill someone?
- Where do you want me to start?
Because this marriage
was so different.
You know. I really wanted
to kill him or kill
myself. (laughs)
- Um.
(Mahogany laughing)
- Ooh.
- Mahogany.
do we need to stop?
Do you need a moment?
- (laughing) No. I'm fine.
I want to get all of this
out while I can. Ms. White.
- Okay.
- You know.
It's been a while
since I've thought
about killing someone
in that type of way.
I mean. murdering
a man like that.
The last time I
remember doing that was
when my brother got killed.
and I wanted to
kill his murderer.
You know. he. he just
made me go to a place.
to a person I hated-
- Well-
- to become.
- Well. well who did you become?
- I became suicidal.
low self-esteem again.
You know. it was just
like that damaged goods
thing was just lingering
over my head like everyone said.
I was becoming what my
mother wanted me to be.
that little girl.
- Hmm.
Okay. so tell me about that.
Talk. let's talk
about the relationship
with you and your mother.
- I never had one. Ms. White.
And when I tried. it
still was unstable.
- Okay. well. do you
wanna talk about it?
(Mahogany scoffs)
- Even though I was going
through in my own marriage
and having hardships-
- Mm-hmm.
- I still rearranged
my life for her.
- Okay. so what happened
to make you have
to rearrange your
life for your mom?
- Well. she had
became critically ill.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- And I had to go out
of town. and get her.
and bring her back
to my home with me.
- Okay.
- And this was the worst
thing that I could have did
because I still
had to experience.
like. rejection. neglect-
(hands smacking)
- [Celeste] Wow.
- and. and abuse. mental abuse-
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- from her.
- Wow.
- Mahogany. I'm
not gonna let you
and nobody else
hold me to my past.
Why do you keep
living in the past?
- Mom.
- Just because you are
allowing what happened
over 30 years ago ruin
your life don't mean
I'm gonna let it ruin mine.
- Ma.
(dramatic music)
all I was trying to do is
get you to understand
what I have been through.
what me and my sister
have been through
with the. with the men that
you brought into our lives.
You will never admit or say
sorry for anything. will you?
All I was trying to do
was just bring us closer
by admitting what me
and my sister had been
through with the men.
All I ever wanted was
for you to say I'm sorry
and forgive me.
(Mahogany sobbing)
- My being here right
now should be enough.
My past is my past.
- [Mahogany] Ma.
- Get over it.
- Ma.
- So. you didn't get the I
love you. or the forgiveness.
or the I'm sorry that you
needed from your mother?
- Yes. in a way. I did.
You know. it was after
her funeral. though.
I found it in a
box of her things.
She had wrote me a letter.
But I wanted her to tell
me in person. you know.
to. to be there. you know.
to hug me like a
mother would do a child
when they're hurting.
- I understand that.
I mean. you probably wanted
to hear those words directly
from your mother. and
I know that's hard
because that's a feeling
that we all long for.
and it seems like she
just didn't love you
the way that she needed to.
But you know. I think
she expressed herself
the only way she knew how.
and that was through a letter.
- Yeah.
- I mean. some people can't
express themselves verbally.
And I mean. I learned
that from my own parents.
- I believe that. too.
You know. in so many ways.
I'm like her. (laughs)
You know. I express
myself and how I feel
about people in my writing.
- Hmm. so did the letter.
did it give you any
comfort or any release?
How did you cope with her death?
- In a way. you know. I truly
felt my mother really loved me
and that she was sorry for
what I had been through.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- She just didn't know how
to express it. you know?
But if she truly got
herself right with God.
(dramatic music continues)
then I'm okay with that. and
that's okay with my soul.
- So. so let's switch gears.
Let's talk about
the events that led
to you divorcing
your third husband.
- Well. honestly.
I never seen this one coming.
No one could have ever
prepared me for this one.
And do you know that
I was blamed again
and told that this was my fault?
All my life. I've been
told. "You know what?
You brought this on yourself."
And me and him. we
dated for two years
before we got married.
- So. everything was
good for two years.
I mean. no signs. nothing to
make you think differently?
- I mean. we had
our ups and downs
but nothing that we
couldn't work through.
And plus. he was the only
man that I ever trusted
besides my brother.
- Hmm.
- I never realized that I
was with a. a womanizer.
a. a. a narcissist. a liar.
a whoremonger. a manipulator.
(hand smacking)
So. are you ready
to hear this one?
- Yes.
- Now. your problem is
you got trust issues.
(Mahogany laughs)
Your past messed you all up.
- So. you gonna stand there
and act like I'm crazy. right?
Like in my heart. I didn't
see the Facebook messages
of you telling
women that I'm crazy
and that you're not
happy with me. Antares.
Really?
Hmm.
If you're not happy.
then you can leave
'cause I'm not
begging you to stay.
- Like I said. you're
naive and dumb.
- Mm-hmm.
- They're lying to you.
The people I was with last night
I look at like sisters to me.
Woman. we grew up together.
- The only thing I did dumb is
believing that you were a man
of God when you're acting
like you're different
when you're all the same.
coming dressed up in God's
clothes. and reading God's word.
and you don't even
know nothing about it.
God.
Just to get what you want.
- You know. your people probably
messed you up pretty bad.
but I'm only here
to help you out.
- Hmm.
Help me?
- Yeah.
- By lying to me?
Really. Antares?
You done lied.
You cheated with my cousin.
You cheated with my
goddaughter and lied
and the women in
the ministry. too.
telling everybody that I'm
a witch and that I'm crazy.
(Antares laugh)
Really. Antares?
- You see. that's exactly
what I'm talking about.
You are crazy.
- [Mahogany] Mm.
- You believe all that mess
when the whole
time they want me.
Got you thinking I
really want them.
- You keep just acting like
I'm stupid and watch God.
(Antares sighs)
- Look here. babe.
I married you.
A lot of women wanted me.
but I decided to marry you.
So. your friends and your
little cousins are only jealous
'cause I don't want them.
- Wow. really. and
everybody wants Antares?
- You dang gone stippy
everybody wants me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Look at me.
I sing.
You know. every woman
loves a man that can sing.
- [Mahogany] Mm-hmm.
- I look good. and
I'm a good man.
So. don't let nobody
poison your little mind.
- Poison me?
The only one poisoning me is
you with your lies. Antares.
Got people thinking I'm
crazy and I'm stupid.
You know what?
I'm just so over
this conversation.
I gotta go to ministry. too.
I'll talk to you later.
(footsteps plodding)
- You remarried. and
then this husband.
he's committing infidelity?
- Yes.
You know. and I waited
12 years to remarry.
(pen clicking)
and I thought that
this one was the one.
But. boy. was I wrong again.
- I know that had to
have been hurtful.
especially after you just
started trusting again
and falling in real love.
- Yeah. but maybe Lemar
was right. you know.
that I'm just stupid and
dumb to believe in people.
- Mahogany. never feel
that you're dumb or stupid.
I mean. God has a purpose
and a plan for your life.
I mean. we all make mistakes.
and we trust the wrong people.
But give yourself some credit.
- Credit?
And I'm just tired of believing
that God has
something good for me.
Oh. God. you know.
I will never. ever trust
or believe in a man
again in my life.
God. this man Antares
did the unthinkable.
- So. so. what did he do?
I mean. what was
the unthinkable.
I mean. to make
it be him or you?
- Let's just say he took me
back to my past. way back.
But this time. he stuck the
knife so deep in my heart
that there was no
return from this.
He had drained
the life outta me.
I became so cold.
You know. I gave this
man 15 years of my life.
- Wow.
- Oh. I can't believe this.
Can't wait till I
actually get. hey.
- Hey. girl.
- Ah. I was just
talking about you. girl.
Electra. God better come
down from heaven to Earth
and deal with me today.
Look at this mess that this
devil wrote to my daughter.
I can't believe that he
would just do this to me.
Just read this mess.
This don't make no sense. and
you might have to lock me up.
- Wait a minute.
- Girl.
- Just. just calm
down. Mahogany.
- Please.
- Calm down.
Nothing in the world is
that bad it make you want
to kill somebody.
(Mahogany scoffs and laughs)
Although you probably should
have killed him a long time ago
with all his cheating
and lying ways.
And you already
know. personally. me.
I woulda killed him as soon
as I found out he was
sleeping with my cousin.
your so-called goddaughter.
- Just read that
mess right there
because. after
today. he is dead.
I can promise you that.
I can't believe that this
scum with stoop this low.
Girl.
- Okay. I'm gonna read it.
I'm gonna read it. okay?
But I'm gonna tell you this.
I didn't come here
to catch no case.
- Mm-hmm.
- But I can. and I will.
(Mahogany scoffs)
- You might catch a couple
after you read that.
- Wait.
(Mahogany laughs)
What?
- Mm-hmm.
- What. what the heck?
You're kidding me. right?
(Mahogany laughs)
Girl. where is Diamond?
First of all. we not gonna
let this kill you. okay?
But give me a minute. baby girl.
'cause. uh. Lord
knows I need one.
Hold on.
- Mm-hmm.
- (sighs) Girl.
Wait a minute.
Did he just say. did he
just ask her for sex?
Talking about sit on
his face for $50. $50?
Oh. no.
(Mahogany clicks tongue)
- Now you see why I
want to kill this devil?
- He. girl. he say that
he been digging her
for the last 10 years.
(Mahogany scoffs)
10 years. Mahogany?
- [Mahogany] Mm-hmm.
- That's 10 years
of your marriage.
- I don't wanna hear it.
I know.
- Girl. where is Diamond?
(Mahogany laughs)
- She don't wanna be here.
Electra. she blaming
herself thinking
she did something
wrong just for coming
down to help her mom while
I do my chemo treatments.
- This is not Diamond's fault.
It's that man's fault.
How in the world
can he wanna sleep
with his own wife's daughter?
You know what. sis?
It's time to cut that little
thingy thing thing he got
he called a snake.
We need to cut it off
and hand it to him
on a silver platter-
- Yeah.
- 'cause he just nasty.
But you know what?
I'm just saying I always
thought it was a man lover.
- Hmm.
Now. you see why I want
to kill this monster?
- I am so hurt for
you. Mahogany. girl.
for you even trying
to stay and work things
out in this marriage-
- Ugh.
- after all
he's put you through.
- Yeah. just imagine how
my daughter felt. Electra.
She don't wanna be here.
You know what. this marriage.
though. it is completely over.
It's finished.
No man is gonna ever
come between me and mine.
You know. I am not my mother.
and I would never be her.
- Diamond looked up
to him as a father.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I never seen her look
at him in any other way.
(Mahogany laughs)
(Electra laughs)
For him to disrespect you-
- Yeah.
- as her mother
and her as his daughter-
- Hmm.
- Girl. right here makes
me want to hate him.
- I know.
- Oh. girl.
I do hate him.
No. (laughs) matter of fact.
hate is an understatement.
- Hmm.
- If I could lose
my job at the prison
for castrating his butt myself-
- Mm-hmm.
- girl. you know I would.
- Yeah.
- But you know what?
- Hmm?
- I wouldn't kill
him. though. mm-mm.
No. but I'd make him suffer.
(dramatic music)
(Electra laughs)
He got to suffer slowly. girl.
He got to feel the burn.
(Mahogany laughs)
- You know. people were saying
that I was making a big
mistake by marrying this devil.
that he would destroy the
woman of God I was becoming.
I'm tired of Antares Noble.
I. I've dealt with a lot myself.
I mean. I dealt with his
disrespect. his lies.
his cheating his
womanizing ways.
It's right here.
It's just. it cuts.
It's. it's overkill.
You know. Diamond
was hurt to the core.
She didn't even wanna
tell me this. Electra.
- Girl. you know. Diamond
never would wanna hurt you
in this way.
You know that.
But the best thing about this
that you and her
relationship is tight.
So. y'all gonna come
through this together.
The only thing was that
that man never once thought
for a second that she
was gonna bring this
to your attention.
- Mm.
- And that's because he was
built straight from hell.
- Hmm.
You know. my baby
wanted to make me happy
by never coming around again.
And I had to let her know.
no. the devil is a liar.
You just gave me my
keys to unlock that door
that the devil tried
to set up for me.
(dramatic music continues)
- And that's exactly
what God did-
- Mm-hmm.
- is released you.
(Mahogany scoffs)
- Girl. God wants you to
run and don't look back.
You know. your first true love
is out there waiting for you.
He just waiting for
you to be free. sis.
- I just can't believe
that right now for me.
I'm just tired of
dealing with men.
I used to pray about
my first love. though.
the young guy that used to
love on me when we were little.
You know. every time
I would get hurt.
he would be right
there caring for me.
- Mm.
- And he would say.
"Mahogany. I'm gonna marry
you when we get older."
(Mahogany laughs)
But I guess God just didn't
have those cards dealt for me.
- Hey. you don't know what
God got in store for you.
- Hmm.
- Hey. maybe after you
get through all of this.
we can call him. look him up
and call him or something.
Maybe we could talk to
him a little bit. yay.
- Mm. nah. I care less to
be with a man right now.
I can't trust one.
(dramatic music continues)
Plus. I heard from a
mutual friend of me and his
that he was probably on
drugs or locked up somewhere.
- Well. I only can
imagine who told you that.
- Mm.
- She been jealous of you guys
anyway from the beginning.
- Mm-hmm.
- Matter of fact. if I'm
not mistaken. she is the one
that actually. uh. convinced
you to marry that devil.
(Mahogany scoffs)
So. whatever she's
saying out her mouth.
I'm pretty sure she lying.
- (clicks tongue) I just
can't. it don't matter anyway
because I don't want to
be married ever again.
You know. there's
no. no difference
in marrying a worldly
man and a godly man.
They're all the same.
All they want is a little sex.
When you can't give
it to 'em. please.
I'm good.
Hmm. I'm good.
- God does have
that one for you.
Now. look.
- Hmm?
- We all do make bad choices.
and sometimes we just got
to live and learn by them.
When I read that. I was ready
to take this man's life
right there with you.
- Mm-hmm.
- But then I realized
he wasn't worth it.
- Mm-hmm.
- And this is God got
something in store for you.
and this is not how
your story ends.
- But look at what I brought
around me and my children again.
another failed relationship.
someone to come in
and hurt me and my
child in this way.
I just blamed it on the fact
that his. his father was
a cheater throughout
his upbringing.
so he thought it was normal.
And I prayed. "God deliver
this man." you know.
but nothing worked.
not even my prayers.
(dramatic music continues)
- Listen. Mahogany. when I read
that thing he wrote to Diamond-
- Yeah.
- girl. first thing
I thought is his
phone was stolen.
somebody done hacked
into it or something
'cause there's no
way in the world
that Antares would
write this to Diamond.
- Yeah. me too. until
I got to that part
where he started mentioning
places we used to stay
and to talk to my
daughter about things
that we talked about in our
marriage. in the bedroom.
things I didn't want to
do to his stinking behind.
What evil is out there
that hates me so much
that it would want to
destroy my life in this way?
You know. I. I mean. I guess
this is the plan for my life.
- You are a phenomenal
wife. beautiful woman.
a good grandmother and mother.
Don't let nobody tell
anything different.
I gotta go to work.
But if you need me to stay.
I'll call in right now.
and I'll stay right here
and help put this devil out.
- No. I need to
handle this on my own.
- Are you sure?
Girl. 'cause if he says
anything or do anything to you.
there is nothing on this
Earth that's gonna stop me
from protecting my. my
girl. my best friend.
- Mm-hmm. I know.
I'll be okay.
Antares Noble is
not crazy. you know.
I need to make sure
that he pack his things
and that I deal
with this on my own.
You know. this is my marriage.
and he just lost his wife.
- Okay. well. you know
I love you. right?
- Yes. and I love you. too.
- I want you to
take care of you.
- I am.
- You hear me?
We already know that your
blood pressure's high.
and you're not the
best of health.
- I know it. but
you said it right.
God got me.
- Mm-hmm. and he does.
- Mm-hmm.
- And so do I.
your ride or die.
- Yes.
- All right. sugar.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
- All right. baby.
- Call me when you get to work.
- Get my darn water.
what I came for.
- Mm-hmm. (laughs)
Love you.
- [Electra] Love you.
- Lord. what have I
done to deserve this?
You better come in
and step in right now
'cause I'm ready
to kill this man.
God.
I am not my mother.
- My God.
(Celeste sighs)
Come here.
- Thank you.
- Mm.
(gentle music)
And are you ready to
finish hearing this?
- Yes. because I believe
your story needs to be heard.
I mean. we were talking
about you finished off
with your best friend.
You was telling her
about the text messages
that your daughter shared
with you about what he said.
by the way. which
was despicable.
How can somebody love
you or. or say their vows
and do something like that
to you or their child?
Did you confront him about that?
(gentle music continues)
- You know. my mother
said he was a dog.
- Hmm.
- But a dog was
a understatement.
He didn't even know.
You know. Antares came
home from work. (laughs)
acting like he. you know.
was all having a good day.
and he had just hit the
lottery or something.
styling and profiling.
- [Celeste] Mm.
- He didn't know I
knew what he did.
* Move on in the water
from grandma's home
- Mm. hey.
What's wrong with you?
And why you got it
all dark up in here
looking like somebody died?
You. you know. I shoulda
stayed at my cousin house
if I'da known I'll be coming
home to something like this.
- Then. maybe you should have.
- Oh. here we go again.
You. you know. for you
to be such a woman of God
that you proclaim to be. you
really be allowing the devil
to use you a lot.
- Antares. I believe
you're talking
about yourself right now
'cause I am good with God.
Believe that.
As a matter of fact. you
probably should be asking God
if you're in his good graces.
- Oh. God. here we go again
with this mental mess.
I mean-
- Who-
- You don't even realize
how damaged you are
in the head. do you?
(Mahogany laughs)
I'm starting to see why
everybody in your past left you.
- Mm-hmm.
- I mean. for real.
Even your kids talk about you.
- You better leave my
kids' name out your mouth
and worry about why
yours don't wanna deal
with you with your fake self.
- Once again. here you
go mentally abusing me.
- Please.
- Well. you better be glad-
- Oh. Jesus.
- I stay with your sorry butt
'cause I can have
any woman I want.
- Then. they can
have you after today.
and they better be worrying
about what kinda
devil they're bringing
around their children
and family members.
- Good. 'cause any
place would be better
than staying here with
you and your crazy butt.
(Mahogany laughs)
I only stayed this long
'cause I feel sorry.
(Mahogany laughs)
And I was only trying
to help you.
- Jesus.
(Mahogany mumbling)
(laughing) Oh.
- Look what I'm talking about.
You know. something is
really wrong with you. woman.
- [Mahogany] Mm-hmm.
- You're damaged. bad.
- Yeah. you. something
is really wrong with me.
so you said something
right for once.
So. what is this you
text my daughter?
- Man. what you talking about?
I told you your
daughter be nothing
but trouble staying here.
(dramatic music)
She ain't got no
respect for you or I.
coming in this house
any time of night.
- So. you really
gonna stand here
and lie of my face. Antares.
and act like I don't know
what I'm talking about?
Since I. since you forgot.
let me read this text.
(dramatic music continues)
"So. if you come sit
on my face for $50
because your mother don't
want to try anything new"?
- Now. baby. hold on.
Now. now. I was only texting
her because you been going
through withdrawals
lately. you know.
acting like you don't love me.
You're reading this all wrong.
- Oh. really. I'm
reading this all wrong?
Then. let me continue. Antares.
"You. you know. I've been
wanting you. to make love
to you since you. we
lived on Beach Boulevard.
and all. I always wanted
your mother instead of you
to tell you the truth."
- Baby. what are you doing?
Hey. your. your
daughter's lying on me.
I told you it'd be a bad
idea for her to stay here.
- You worthless piece of scum.
(dramatic music continues)
How could you do this?
My daughter's never
done anything to you
but treat you like a
stepfather. Antares.
How could you do this
to me. my family?
- Baby. please.
Your daughter's lying on me.
Every time you
leave for treatment.
she be walking around the
house half naked looking at me.
saying all this negative
stuff about you.
- Stop with the lies.
(dramatic music continues)
My daughter's never
done anything to you.
Antares. you better leave
now before I catch a case.
I know too much to allow you
to think that this is okay.
- [Antares] I don't
know why I did it.
Maybe I ain't want nobody
else staying with us.
and this was the only way
I could get your
daughter to leave.
- If my kids needed me.
Antares. I should be able
to be there just like I
was there for your kids.
and when my daughter. when I
got sick. when she came home
when I got sick
and I needed help.
- [Antares] Baby. really
think about this now.
It's your fault
in the first place
for allowing your grown
daughter to stay here.
I ain't never want
her in this house.
(dramatic music continues)
You were careless
with your child.
(Mahogany whimpering)
- You better leave now before
the devil make me do something
to you or something that you use
and think about all the time.
I'm not my mother.
and I won't be.
so the next time I
pull this trigger.
this gun is not gonna jam.
Leave.
Get out. devil. Leave.
- It's terrible that
it got to that point
where you felt like
you needed a weapon.
- Like I said. Ms. White. I.
he took me to a place
of no return. you know?
But when I was younger.
I didn't have no way
of defending myself.
you know. against any
of the monsters
that was hurting me.
But when I turned 14
years old. I fought.
I fought a lot.
You know. I. I had to fight
my adopted foster siblings.
and I didn't allow
anybody to hurt me
by any means necessary.
- So. so you're saying that
you were being in situations
that made you become
violent in that way?
- (clicks tongue) Yeah.
I mean. I was in so many
foster homes that I lost count.
you know. and like
I said before.
the siblings that I had
in those foster homes.
they weren't cool. you know.
They. they fought me
for no reason at all.
(dramatic music continues)
But when I was 16 years
old. I got adopted.
- Hmm. okay. wow.
I mean. they must
have really liked you
to adopt you at 16.
- Yeah.
It was a woman I
met at a hospital.
Ms. White. she saved my life.
- Wow. that's wonderful.
Is she still alive?
- No.
- [Celeste] Hmm.
- She passed away from cancer.
(dramatic music continues)
- Sorry to hear that.
- Thank you.
- So. that situation with
your husband. I mean.
did that make it. make you feel
like you were being attacked?
(Mahogany laughs)
- Yeah. but it was a. it was
a different type of attack.
This attack was on my character.
- [Celeste] Mm.
- It was on my heart.
It was how I received and
how I looked at people
and the love that. that
I was supposed to have.
you know. from. from others.
This was different.
(dramatic music continues)
You know. it took me
way back to my past.
- So. earlier you
were telling a story.
You said you didn't want
to be like your mother.
I mean. tell me a little
bit more about that.
What did you mean by that?
- (exhales) When I
was 17. Ms. White-
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- I went to go visit my mother.
- Mm-hmm.
- And her boyfriend.
her boyfriend raped me.
- Oh. my gosh.
- And I told her right
away what happened.
and she didn't believe me even
when my little sister tried
to tell her he did this to her.
- Oh. wow.
- She didn't believe
what we said.
She decided to believe him.
She chose him.
- Wow. so. so your
husband trying to sleep
with your daughter. I mean.
that had to make you feel
like you were reliving the past.
- Yeah.
(Mahogany sniffs)
You know. I felt like
God was punishing me.
- Mm-hmm. wow.
- You know. because of. by
sending all these different men
in my life. it wasn't no good
because of how I treated
the man that loved me.
- Hmm.
Well. Mahogany. I will say.
I believe all your
sins are forgiven.
I believe that. once you
dedicated your life to Christ.
that he wiped everything clean.
No more shall that
be your report.
but that should
be your testimony.
(dramatic music continues)
- I hear you. and I have heard
and read that in the word.
that if we confess our sins.
then God will cleanse us.
You know. in Michael
7:19. it talks
about God will cleanse
our sins and cast them
to the sea of forgiveness if
we confess with our hearts
and truly believe. never
to be spoken of again.
Do we reap what we sow?
- Mm. listen. I mean.
we all have that cross
to carry on judgment day.
I mean. including me.
(dramatic music continues)
But I know that God
is a merciful god.
and I know he knows the
heart of all his children.
and through your long
suffering. Mahogany.
he has something greater
than you. than you
can even imagine.
(dramatic music continues)
- I find myself asking God.
"Why did you save me. huh.
you know. to endure all
this suffering and pain?"
What's the purpose of my life?
You know. I love my kids.
I love my grandkids. and
to see a great-grand.
that is a blessing.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- But what is this great
calling all my life?
- Well. I mean. just what
you just testified about.
I mean. if most people. (laughs)
they couldn't even do that
or talk about it if
they were in your shoes.
- I. I. I know
I've made mistakes.
but. (sniffs) and if God has
this plan for me. Ms. White.
then why did he allow
my mind to go to a place
that wanted to end a
life just for someone
that I really loved?
- Listen. now I understand
what you're saying.
but hurt people hurt people.
And how could you love him
when you didn't even
know what real love was?
- I thought I had
it with Antares.
You know. I really
thought he loved me.
but I guess I couldn't
give him what he needed.
- You gave him
everything he needed.
He just didn't understand
the true woman of God
that you were to bless him.
Listen. I know.
(gentle music)
and I really believe the
reason you were uncomfortable
in your marriage
Antares Noble is
because he made it seem
like the sexual activities
in your bedroom was a bad thing.
- You know. in a
way. Ms. Celeste.
I would do anything. and I
was willing to do anything
to please my husband. except
for when I felt rejected.
when I knew he was
cheating on me.
He had all that infidelity.
- That's understandable. but
what about you being pleased?
- What do you mean?
- I believe you weren't
truly healed from your past.
because you were hindered
because of trust.
I mean. belief. forgiveness.
understanding. compassion.
And no matter who you were with.
you woulda still felt
like you were raped
because you didn't have
a relationship with God.
- Relationship with God. so
what do you mean. Ms. White?
Are you saying I should
have had sex with God?
- No. no. Mahogany. I'm not
saying I have sex with God.
but what I'm saying is you can
have a relationship with God
to show you how to be
loved. how to receive love.
and also how to give love.
- I thought I had
that with Antares.
I really thought he loved me.
but I. I just. I. I wouldn't.
I wouldn't even know
where to start. you know.
I. every time I try
to get close to God.
it seem like I gotta endure
more pain. more suffering.
- He has a great
calling on your life.
and Matthew 5:10 says that
we are his blessed children
and that they reveal you
and persecute you falsely
for his namesake. and you
are his chosen vessel.
- You know. my grandmother.
she used to say I was special.
Watch what you entertain.
that there was this
great calling on my life.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
(Mahogany sniffs)
- But I would always search
for the love in others
because I didn't experience
that with my family.
- Okay. well. Mahogany.
have you forgiven yourself?
- I don't know.
The reason I say
this. Ms. White. is
because every event that
I have been going through.
I blame myself.
(sniffs) you know.
for not being smart
enough. not knowing enough.
not. not seeing enough.
not caring enough.
you know. not
being aware enough.
(sobbing) I-
- Well. Mahogany.
but what about loving
yourself enough to let go?
I mean. I've sit here
with you for two hours.
and I feel like you're
holding yourself captive
in your own prison.
Like. you're not
forgiving yourself.
- Ms. White. I want. I
wanna forgive myself.
(Mahogany sniffs)
I just don't know how to.
- Here you go. baby.
- (sobbing) Thank you.
(sniffs) I don't know how.
You know. I ask God.
I say. "Why?
What's. what's this great
calling on my life?"
You know. "Save me.
Deliver me."
(Mahogany sobbing)
I don't wanna be alone
in this life. (sobbing)
you know. because in
God's word. he says
that we deserve
somebody special.
That's what it's
saying in his word.
- Mm-hmm.
It says in John 3:16.
"For God so loved the world
that he gave his only son."
and that whoever believe
in him should now.
shall not perish and
have everlasting life.
- Oh. God.
(dramatic music continues)
Then. if that's true.
then when is my eternal
life gonna happen. huh.
when I'm not here
anymore. when I'm dead?
- Mahogany. are
you ready to let go
and let God heal you totally?
- Yes. I've been ready.
- Well. then it's time for
you to tell your truth.
I mean. I do believe
you about the abuse.
I mean. emotionally. and.
and physically. and mentally.
But violence has
silenced your tongue.
It's time to give all
the bad men back to God.
- Bad men.
I'm not with anyone. Ms. White.
- [Celeste] Yes. you are.
(Mahogany scoffs)
You. you sleep with 'em at
night. and you wake up with 'em.
(Mahogany scoffs)
- I don't mean to be
disrespectful. Ms. White.
but since you seem
to know my bedroom.
you're gonna have to tell
me the names of these men
because I am lost.
Okay. force-
- Force?
- Obligation. denial.
fear. shame.
- Oh. God.
- And as soon as you let
these things go. Mahogany.
then you will be healed.
- God. oh. my God. thank you.
- [Celeste] Come here.
- Thank you. Ms.
White. thank you.
- Oh. mm.
(Mahogany sobs)
It's okay to let it go.
- Oh. God. (sobbing)
When you was naming
'em one by one.
I was feeling 'em
falling off of me.
you know. just shedding.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I know what I gotta do.
(dramatic music continues)
I just gotta stop having a
pity party for myself and-
- Yes.
- and shake the devil off.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- Oh. my God.
You know. what a
mighty God we serve.
Oh. Ms. White.
thank you so much.
My grandmother
used to always say.
"To much is given
much is required."
- Mm-hmm. I'd like
to sponsor you.
- [Mahogany] Really?
- And I'd like to have
your book published.
I have a guy down at B.R. Films.
- What's his name?
- Marquand Ragland.
You may know him. but. um.
he would love to make a movie
outta your true
life story. mm-hmm.
- Thank you.
Uh. thank you. I mean. I don't
know what to say. you know?
Thank you.
- I mean. you can tell
me the title you want
for your book and your movie.
- "You Got Me Twisted!"
- Okay.
- That's the one.
- I like it.
How did you. how did you
come up with that title?
(Mahogany sighs)
- Well. I need every
queen and king to know
that we serve a mighty God.
- [Celeste] Yeah. we do.
- But the devil. he's real.
and he comes to seek. kill.
and to try to
destroy your destiny.
- [Celeste] Mm-hmm.
- But to know that
no weapon formed
against you shall prosper.
You know why?
Because we belong to
the most high god.
And when the devil
come to your face.
you just gotta look him
dead in the face and say.
"You got me twisted. boo.
I belong to the most high God."
(dramatic music)
* I'll take my crown now
* These voices in my head.
I'm telling you to bow down
* You don't got control.
no. so bow down
* I don't give you control.
no. so bow down. yeah
* I'll take my crown now
* These voices in my head.
I'm telling you to bow down
* You don't got
control. so bow down
* I don't give you control.
no. so bow down. yeah
* Bow down
* You gotta tell 'em. you
gotta tell 'em to bow down
* If they don't match
up with the word
* Then. you gotta
tell 'em to bow down
* You gotta crown out. you
gotta tell 'em to bow down
* Yeah. yeah. yeah
* Voices in my head telling
me that I won't make it
* But I like a challenge
* So. I just keep going.
trust in the Lord
* The more that I know.
the more that I grow
* The more that I
show the devil
* That he's on the
bottom of my soul
* Yeah. he's on the bottom of
* I know. life comes.
and life goes